♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salary man
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level 1.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
And now it's finally time
for the harvest festival!
But it's not all fun and games
'cause there's some major
trouble on the way!
♪
Uh! Good morning, Yota.
I hope you slept well.
[RYOTA]
Morning, Emily.
So, it's just you?
Celeste and Eve left
for the dungeon
bright and early this morning.
Eve was excited
because a massive amount
of carrots apparently
showed up in Telulu.
[screams]
Just out of nowhere, huh?
That leaves Alice
but as I recall.
Since Bonesy
is too afraid of Celeste
to be around her much,
Alice decided to spend
some time at her previous home.
[EMILY]
Affirmative!
And you didn't feel like going
to the dungeon with the others?
Nah. I'm going
to the harvest festival.
I told Alice that I would
meet up with her around noon.
That way we can check out
the festivities together.
Right, the harvest festival.
It's finally starting, huh?
Would you be interested
in tagging along too?
[laughs]
♪
[CROWD cheering]
Look how many stalls are here!
Everywhere! So adorable! Look!
Yeah. It's awesome.
What are those?
[RYOTA] I've never seen Emily
get this excited over anything,
but after living in a dungeon,
a festival probably feels like
a once in a lifetime experience.
Okay! Let's
take a day off.
This festival isn't gonna enjoy
itself, right!
Okay! To a day
full of fun!
♪
Huh! Look how cute these are!
So which one of them
do you like the best?
Well, um.
This one's sorta calling to me.
We'll take this one.
[MALE OWNER 1] Sure thing, pal.
Three thousand pilos.
Wait! Please don't. I didn't
mean for you to do that!
[rings]
Please. Take it.
Huh! Thank you, Yota.
Hey. Great idea!
Thank you!
This way I can carry it
with me no matter where I go.
[rings]
[dripping]
Hey! I'm here!
Sorry for the wait!
Hi. It's all good.
[panting]
You're never gonna believe it.
I just saw the weirdest
stall right over that way.
What's weird about it?
Specifically.
[MALE OWNER 2]
We've got the lowest prices
for experience points!
Step on up!
Yeah, I've never seen
someone selling these before.
Exactly.
[MALE OWNER 2]
Feeling a bit down?
How 'bout some experience
points?
Can you tell me how it works?
Sure thing!
Have you ever gone
exploring in a dungeon called
Alkyl?
[RYOTA]
Can't say that I have.
Okay, well, there's a monster
called a plated mouse,
and it's amazing!
When you defeat one,
it gives you
a ton of experience points!
Totally worth it.
Oh, so it's kinda
like the metal slimes?
All you gotta do is leave one
of these special boxes
of ours out, and a plated
mouse stray will show up.
Once you defeat it,
you'll level up in a heartbeat
with little effort on your part!
So, what do you think? You in?
That could be fun to try.
But me and Royta can't raise
our levels any more though.
Hmm! True, but maybe we could
use it to help Emily level up.
[ALL sigh]
[rustles]
Look! We're about to see
the plated mouse!
[explosion]
We'll start
with a binding bullet!
[gunshots]
Way to go! Finish it off, Emily!
Nope. Not quite yet.
Go! Reservation!
-Now, Emily!
-I'm on it!
Wow, I was under the impression
that strays didn't drop items.
Ever.
That's the Reservation spell.
When I use it,
my drop rates apply
to the monster
I'm hunting.
Even if Emily is the one
who ends up killing it.
And since I took it down,
I level up and also get an item.
That's great!
What is this?
[DUNGEON VOICE ] Ryota obtained
a strengthening bullet.
Woah, a strengthening one?
Man, I can't wait
to test it out!
[clicks]
♪
What?
How come nothing's happening?
I dunno. Hope it's not broken.
Maybe I should
try a regular bullet.
How about this?
[gunshot]
I was right!
You don't shoot stuff with it.
You use it to strengthen
whatever bullet
is loaded after it's shot!
That's amazing!
Yeah. It'll have lots of uses.
We better go buy some more
from that stall!
-Yes!
-For sure!
Well, we're pretty stocked up
on strengthening bullets.
What should we do next?
[CROWD yelling]
What was that?
-Let's hurry!
-Coming!
[roars]
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 1] Look out!
A stray dog got out of its cage!
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 2]
Get out of here! Let's go!
[screams]
-[thuds]
-[growls]
[RYOTA]
Are you all right?
I think so.
Everything should be fine now.
That monster isn't gonna be
an issue anymore.
[ALICE]
Look out, Ryota!
You haven't
actually beaten it yet!
I haven't?
[growls]
-[screams]
-Come on, this way!
I'll finish it off!
[groans]
[thuds]
[roars]
[EMILY]
What do we do now?
Not sure.
This monster is strange.
If it's getting bigger
by absorbing our attacks,
we're in trouble.
[NEPTUNE] You seem
to be having some difficulty.
[RYOTA]
Are you kidding me? Neptune?
Good to see you, Sato.
It's going to be hard to beat
that thing
now that you've gone
and made it so big.
[roars]
[RYOTA] Yeah. This one
will require some strategy
when attacking it,
otherwise we risk casualties.
So what are you thinking?
It's not too late to run
and hide.
Don't be stupid!
You should be trying
to help me out, Neptune.
We've got to protect our city!
[chuckles]
-Lil! Ran!
-Understood.
We're here to do
our best for you, Nep!
-Go, God Bless!
-Go, Devil Curse!
♪
Allow us to show
you the ultimate power
of the Neptune Family!
Awh!
[roars]
Okay. We'll all attack it
at once.
-Ready, Neptune! Emily!
-I got you!
Ready when you are!
-[gunshots]
-[roars]
[EMILY yells]
Take this!
Be still! Purgatorium Gravity!
[groans]
♪
[MOM] Thank you so much
for keeping her safe!
My daughter and I got separated
in the crowds
during the festival.
Make sure
you don't get lost again, okay?
Okay.
I hope you thanked
these kind people
for everything they've done.
Thanks for helping me, mister.
[RYOTA]
I'm just glad you're safe.
You know when I grow up,
I wanna become an
adventurer like you and your
friends!
Oh, yeah?
Well, in that case,
I'll give you some advice
that I hope you'll remember.
Sure. What is it?
Hard work will always
be rewarded in time.
[gasps]
I learned that
from a very good friend of mine
who I aspire to be more like.
So if you wanna be
an adventurer too,
let's both keep working hard.
Right!
Hmm!
Good afternoon, Ryota.
-Huh!
-Hey, Celeste.
Aren't you supposed
to be in the dungeon?
I was making a brief
stop back here
but then I heard the three
of you were fighting a monster
that showed up during
the festival.
I've got carrots.
A magic cartful!
So, you came here to see
if we needed help beating it?
[CELESTE] Yes, but it looks
like you're already done.
Yeah. Lucky for us,
the Neptune Group showed up.
It's never any trouble.
Defeating monsters
is part of our job.
Anyway, I'm interested to see
you've started a family.
Yep. They're all
important members of the team.
-Huh!
-Listen, Sato.
Why don't you ditch
this little "family"
and come over to my group
like an intelligent person
would.
Ask all you want,
but my answer is still no.
Hmm! So sad.
Rejected once again.
However, I got to fight
alongside you
and I will always remember that.
See you later, Sato!
♪
[CELESTE]
I'm sorry we couldn't help
but I'm glad everyone's okay.
Next time one pops up,
I'll show it who's boss.
[gurgles]
[ALICE] Running in a panic like
that made me a little hungry.
I'm sure. I
could eat, too,
after being in the dungeon
all day.
I think
since we're already here,
we should go check out
the food stalls for lunch!
Yeah!
It's the full festival
experience!
This is pretty heavy, you know.
-Help me out here. Help me!
-Keep it up, Nep!
You got this, Nep.
Tough it out!
[RYOTA]
Oh, I'm gonna do something.
See? There.
Oh, wow,
that looks like so much fun!
What do you think, Yota?
Yeah. It's cool.
[ALL exciting]
[chuckles]
[EVE] Low-Level, you dummy!
You suck at ring toss.
[RYOTA]
Words hurt.
[BOTH gulp]
Open wide, Bonesy. Ah!
Haa! They look so
adorable when eating, too!
[gulps]
Do you see that?
Eve's actually eating
something that isn't carrots!
What's wrong? Never seen
a rabbit eat meat before?
You did tell us that story
about how you used to like it
when you were little.
I saw a stall over there
selling food made with carrots
if you wanna
get some of that instead.
I'm a gourmand.
Only the most delicious carrots
will do.
Maybe you should try
a wider variety of foods
and not be so picky?
Hmm! I don't take
advice from low-levels.
Aah!
[chuckles]
I love how well
the two of you get along.
[RYOTA]
Is that what you call it?
[footsteps]
Hey, Ryota.
Uh!
It looks like there are a bunch
of monsters that way.
-Should we go check it out?
-Really?
Did more strays show up
or something?
If they're in that direction,
then it's probably the arena.
Arena?
They have one of those here?
Yeah. Goods that're gathered
for the harvest festival
are turned into strays
in the arena
and then adventurers kill them
as a demonstration.
Wow. That is super weird.
Fighters participate in pairs
to reduce the risk a bit.
And if a team manages to defeat
one of the many strays,
they can
get a rare item as a prize.
That's the best part!
I love a rare item!
Well, why don't we join, then?
Who are you gonna have
as your teammate?
Assuming you really
do want to participate,
you need to pick one more person
to fight alongside you.
Hmm!
[RYOTA]
Celeste, what do you think?
What? Who, me?
Yeah, are you seriously
that surprised?
There's no pressure
if you don't want to,
but I figured you would be
the perfect partner.
Um, wait. Is this a confession?
I appreciate the way you're
always out there getting intel
for me and I admire
your extended knowledge
of monsters.
So I'd have to say
you're the best one
for something like this!
Oh, no! What'd I do?
Look! That's very sweet.
But it makes me feel like
you don't see me as one of you.
Is there some kind of problem?
No problem at all!
[CROWD cheering]
Fire Magic Inferno!
[explosion]
Hey, Celeste.
Something bothering you?
You seem to be going
a lot harder than usual.
That's not true at all!
That thing's still alive!
I'm trying to focus.
I got this one.
[gunshot]
[CROWD cheering]
It takes two to challenge
and defeat a high guts slime.
You taught me that and you've
mastered the art of leaving them
with just enough HP.
You rock, Celeste!
Ryota, I'm going to work
even harder from now on.
I want to become as important
a member of the team
to you as Emily is now.
Aw come on, Celeste.
You know that you already are.
Huh! Such sweet, cruel words.
You're gonna make me so very
happy saying things like that.
♪
I had such a good time
at the harvest festival.
Yeah, me too.
Let's check out our prize.
What awesome rare item
did we get for our performance
in the arena?
It's in here.
Let me see, looks like.
What in the world is this?
It appears to be a bunch
of colorful sticks,
but I don't know what they do.
I've never seen that before.
Those are called
fireworks.
Wow! Yota! These things are so
beautiful! Absolutely amazing!
[RYOTA]
I never imagined
I'd be playing with fireworks
in this world.
Long live the rare items!
These aren't bad.
They're so pretty.
Ah! That was super fun!
Right? I hadn't played
with fireworks
since I was still a kid.
I'm glad I got to share
this with all of you.
Me, too. This was my first time
doing a festival.
It made me really happy.
♪
You okay?
Hmm! They're calling.
Who's calling?
[ALICE]
A new little one?
[RYOTA] Huh!
Hold on! What's happening?
Uh! Ryota.
Um. What's wrong?
Alice!
Did something happen to you?
I had a feeling that someone
was calling me,
but I couldn't tell who!
Really? From which direction?
Hmm! That way.
That's the direction
of Nihonium.
Is there another monster
in there
that you might
want to be friends with?
I don't know, but it's possible.
You need to go befriend
a monster
that gives infinite
yummy carrots.
Or better yet,
you could get a carrot
to become your new friend.
She can't make friends
with a carrot
if you're just going to eat it
later. That'd be so sad.
Why don't we check it out
tomorrow?
It's pretty late now.
Alice, you want
to stay the night with us?
-Can I?
-Can she?
If this is going to work,
you need to try not to scare
Bonesy and Jiggly, Celeste.
Um, I'll be careful!
Mmm-hmm!
[gasps]
Ah, I really
appreciate you coming, Sato.
Of course, I heard
you wanted to talk to me
about something important.
I hope it's nothing too bad.
Will you please have a seat?
I'll put some coffee on.
How many dozens
of sugar cubes do you take?
Just one cube's fine with me.
Ever the conservative type,
aren't you?
Listen, Sato.
I called you here
because nothing's been dropping
in the dungeons
since last night.
Huh?
[CLINT]
Telulu, Silicon, Arsenic,
Bismuth, Polon, and Selen.
That's all six
of Secro's dungeons.
Every last one has suddenly
ceased to produce item drops.
What? Has this happened before?
Not once in living memory.
As ashamed as I am to admit it,
I have no idea what to do
and not a clue
as to how long
this period will last.
Please. I'm at a loss.
I need your help.
Will you investigate
what's going on
with the town's dungeons?
I don't know
if I'm the right person.
I realize I'm asking too much
of you at this point,
but you're really the only one
I can rely on!
You got all of those
rare drops from Selen
and even beat
the dungeon master there.
Right?
♪
This is my home.
I can't just ignore
what's happening. I'll try.
No. I'll do everything I can
to help.
Hmm!
It's no use. None of the items
are dropping anymore.
Just like on all
the other floors.
The carrots must have died.
It's death and carrots, baby.
[MALE ADVENTURER 1] Why isn't
anything dropping, down here?
[MALE ADVENTURER 2] How am I
supposed to pay off my mortgage
if I can't earn any money?
I know, but what are we supposed
to do about it?
Not like you're
the only one with debt.
Man, what do I tell my family
when I come home with nothing?
Damn it! The drops can't
have stopped completely, right?
Let's go.
Just gotta keep looking.
This is bad.
Yes, it is.
Prices are already rising,
and people are buying
all that they can.
What do we do if
we can't buy vegetables to cook?
Low-level!
Make a carrot come out!
If only it were that easy.
Hurry up!
I'm telling you,
it's not gonna happen.
[gunshot]
Aah!
Uh! Yay!
It's a resurrected carrot!
-[gulps]
-I don't understand, though.
Nothing is dropping for anybody
else, so how is that possible?
Did they stop
for everyone but me?
I had a feeling
that someone was calling me
but I couldn't tell who!
I heard about that, too.
Apparently,
it's pretty useless, Yota.
They say nothing drops at all.
How could there be
no drops whatsoever?
That must be it!
-[gulps]
-Hey, Yota?
[RYOTA]
I'm gonna go check something!
[ALL sigh]
♪
[RYOTA] If all of the dungeons
are like Nihonium now...
And if I'm right about Alice
and the presence
she was picking up on.
Huh!
I found you!
You're the reason nothing's
dropping in the dungeons,
aren't you?
You're Nihonium's
dungeon master!
[gunshot]
Ah! What?
[thuds]
What is going on?
Why are none
of my attacks working?
♪